Directory Structure
chatex - Contains png files and sounds, nothing special here.
We can replace these later and add new ones. I am almost
sure we will, unless we want our chat to look like MSN.

chatfiles - The core development files of the project
(this section will be elaborated on to provide a high-level
view after more in-depth analysis)

chattxt - Just some links to the parent site that this
material was obtained from. Disregard, unless you are
looking for tutorials. (Edit: this file is going to be
replaced with the chat logs)

readme - I suggest you read this. 

Readme contents:
	Requirements - describes the functional requirements,
or objectives that this chat is supposed to accomplish. It
states that the chat logs and perhaps other data can be 
stored on a text file or on the server. Since we aim to make
this project on the simple side, I recommend that we leave it
as a file. If we decide we need the chat logs in database form
for easier query later, that is an option that the developer 
makes available for us easily. He states that, to avoid spam, 
users cannot post identical posts within 3 seconds of each
other. This seems like a very useful feature. We may want 
to adapt it to reduce spam even further. 
	He describes one of the ways he uses cookies, in order
for the user to return and already have the nickname, chat, 
and the on/off beep setting saved. These will almost certainly 
need to be adapted, and integrated with thelogin system.

Installation - Describes how to switch from text file storage 
to database storage. He states that there are initially two chatrooms: 
English, and Nature. In terms of functionality, this makes it easily 
possible to add multiple chat rooms, with some caveats. We do not want
the chat rooms to be displayed in tabs as it is shown, but rather in
different rooms. This sounds like a big adjustment, but I do not believe
it will be in practice. He describes how to install the chat, which was 
as easy as copy and pasting the directory contents onto the server.  He 
describes the proper file permissions, which we will eventually want to
configure for security. A basic create tables file for configuring an
sql chat log is provided. An embed for the chat is provided, can be used
to embed the chat in multiple places. 

Admin Settings - From here he states that chat settings can be changed by 
defining what appear to be global variables for settings. I’m not sure this
is going to work for us in practice. The location of where sounds are
referenced is provided, and how to change that file to add sounds.
Describes a means by which chatroom logs can be stored dynamically in
directories, not sure what he means by that at this moment. 

test.html - A test that demonstrates something, I’m not sure what.
